Registry Name,ID,Name,Type,Min Level,Max Level,Rarity,Slots,Class
minecraft:protection,0,enchantment.protect.all,ARMOR,1,1,COMMON,"head, chest, legs, feet",net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentProtection
minecraft:fire_protection,1,enchantment.protect.fire,ARMOR,1,1,UNCOMMON,"head, chest, legs, feet",net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentProtection
minecraft:feather_falling,2,enchantment.protect.fall,ARMOR_FEET,1,1,UNCOMMON,"head, chest, legs, feet",net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentProtection
minecraft:blast_protection,3,enchantment.protect.explosion,ARMOR,1,1,RARE,"head, chest, legs, feet",net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentProtection
minecraft:projectile_protection,4,enchantment.protect.projectile,ARMOR,1,1,UNCOMMON,"head, chest, legs, feet",net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentProtection
minecraft:respiration,5,enchantment.oxygen,ARMOR_HEAD,1,1,RARE,"head, chest, legs, feet",net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentOxygen
minecraft:aqua_affinity,6,enchantment.waterWorker,ARMOR_HEAD,1,1,RARE,"head, chest, legs, feet",net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentWaterWorker
minecraft:thorns,7,enchantment.thorns,ARMOR_CHEST,1,1,VERY_RARE,"head, chest, legs, feet",net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentThorns
minecraft:depth_strider,8,enchantment.waterWalker,ARMOR_FEET,1,1,RARE,"head, chest, legs, feet",net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentWaterWalker
minecraft:frost_walker,9,enchantment.frostWalker,ARMOR_FEET,1,1,RARE,feet,net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentFrostWalker
minecraft:binding_curse,10,enchantment.binding_curse,WEARABLE,1,1,VERY_RARE,"head, chest, legs, feet",net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentBindingCurse
extrautils2:xu.kaboomerang,11,enchantment.xu.kaboomerang,BOOMERANG,1,1,COMMON,"mainhand, offhand",com.rwtema.extrautils2.enchants.BoomerangEnchantment
extrautils2:xu.zoomerang,12,enchantment.xu.zoomerang,BOOMERANG,1,1,COMMON,"mainhand, offhand",com.rwtema.extrautils2.enchants.BoomerangEnchantment
extrautils2:xu.burnerang,13,enchantment.xu.burnerang,BOOMERANG,1,1,COMMON,"mainhand, offhand",com.rwtema.extrautils2.enchants.BoomerangEnchantment
extrautils2:xu.bladerang,14,enchantment.xu.bladerang,BOOMERANG,1,1,COMMON,"mainhand, offhand",com.rwtema.extrautils2.enchants.BoomerangEnchantment
extrautils2:xu.boomereaperang,15,enchantment.xu.boomereaperang,BOOMERANG,1,1,COMMON,"mainhand, offhand",com.rwtema.extrautils2.enchants.BoomerangEnchantment
minecraft:sharpness,16,enchantment.damage.all,WEAPON,1,1,COMMON,mainhand,net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentDamage
minecraft:smite,17,enchantment.damage.undead,WEAPON,1,1,UNCOMMON,mainhand,net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentDamage
minecraft:bane_of_arthropods,18,enchantment.damage.arthropods,WEAPON,1,1,UNCOMMON,mainhand,net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentDamage
minecraft:knockback,19,enchantment.knockback,WEAPON,1,1,UNCOMMON,mainhand,net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentKnockback
minecraft:fire_aspect,20,enchantment.fire,WEAPON,1,1,RARE,mainhand,net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentFireAspect
minecraft:looting,21,enchantment.lootBonus,WEAPON,1,1,RARE,mainhand,net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentLootBonus
minecraft:sweeping,22,enchantment.sweeping,WEAPON,1,1,RARE,mainhand,net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentSweepingEdge
openblocks:explosive,23,enchantment.openblocks.explosive,ARMOR,1,1,RARE,"feet, legs, chest, head",openblocks.enchantments.EnchantmentExplosive
openblocks:last_stand,24,enchantment.openblocks.laststand,ARMOR,1,1,UNCOMMON,"feet, legs, chest, head",openblocks.enchantments.EnchantmentLastStand
openblocks:flim_flam,25,enchantment.openblocks.flimflam,ALL,1,1,RARE,"feet, legs, chest, head, mainhand",openblocks.enchantments.EnchantmentFlimFlam
advancedrocketry:spacebreathing,26,enchantment.spaceBreathing,ARMOR,1,1,COMMON,"chest, feet, head, legs",zmaster587.advancedRocketry.enchant.EnchantmentSpaceBreathing
bibliocraft:bibliocraft.deathcompassench,27,Eternal Compass,ALL,1,1,VERY_RARE,"mainhand, offhand",jds.bibliocraft.enchantments.EnchantmentDeathCompass
bibliocraft:bibliocraft.readingench,28,Reading,ARMOR_HEAD,1,1,UNCOMMON,head,jds.bibliocraft.enchantments.EnchantmentReading
oeintegration:oreexcavation,29,enchantment.oreexcavation,DIGGER,1,1,VERY_RARE,mainhand,atm.bloodworkxgaming.oeintegration.Enchantments.ExcavationEnchantment
cofhcore:holding,30,enchantment.cofhcore.holding,ALL,1,1,UNCOMMON,"mainhand, offhand, feet, legs, chest, head",cofh.core.enchantment.EnchantmentHolding
cofhcore:insight,31,enchantment.cofhcore.insight,DIGGER,1,1,UNCOMMON,mainhand,cofh.core.enchantment.EnchantmentInsight
minecraft:efficiency,32,enchantment.digging,DIGGER,1,1,COMMON,mainhand,net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentDigging
minecraft:silk_touch,33,enchantment.untouching,DIGGER,1,1,VERY_RARE,mainhand,net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentUntouching
minecraft:unbreaking,34,enchantment.durability,BREAKABLE,1,1,UNCOMMON,mainhand,net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentDurability
minecraft:fortune,35,enchantment.lootBonusDigger,DIGGER,1,1,RARE,mainhand,net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentLootBonus
cofhcore:leech,36,enchantment.cofhcore.leech,WEAPON,1,1,UNCOMMON,mainhand,cofh.core.enchantment.EnchantmentLeech
cofhcore:multishot,37,enchantment.cofhcore.multishot,BOW,1,1,UNCOMMON,mainhand,cofh.core.enchantment.EnchantmentMultishot
cofhcore:smelting,38,enchantment.cofhcore.smelting,DIGGER,1,1,RARE,"mainhand, offhand, feet, legs, chest, head",cofh.core.enchantment.EnchantmentSmelting
cofhcore:soulbound,39,enchantment.cofhcore.soulbound,ALL,1,1,UNCOMMON,"mainhand, offhand, feet, legs, chest, head",cofh.core.enchantment.EnchantmentSoulbound
cofhcore:vorpal,40,enchantment.cofhcore.vorpal,WEAPON,1,1,RARE,mainhand,cofh.core.enchantment.EnchantmentVorpal
minecraft:power,48,enchantment.arrowDamage,BOW,1,1,COMMON,mainhand,net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentArrowDamage
minecraft:punch,49,enchantment.arrowKnockback,BOW,1,1,RARE,mainhand,net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentArrowKnockback
minecraft:flame,50,enchantment.arrowFire,BOW,1,1,RARE,mainhand,net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentArrowFire
minecraft:infinity,51,enchantment.arrowInfinite,BOW,1,1,VERY_RARE,mainhand,net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentArrowInfinite
minecraft:luck_of_the_sea,61,enchantment.lootBonusFishing,FISHING_ROD,1,1,RARE,mainhand,net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentLootBonus
minecraft:lure,62,enchantment.fishingSpeed,FISHING_ROD,1,1,RARE,mainhand,net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentFishingSpeed
minecraft:mending,70,enchantment.mending,BREAKABLE,1,1,RARE,"mainhand, offhand, feet, legs, chest, head",net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentMending
minecraft:vanishing_curse,71,enchantment.vanishing_curse,ALL,1,1,VERY_RARE,"mainhand, offhand, feet, legs, chest, head",net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentVanishingCurse
